[birds chirping]
[laughs] Hey, everybody!
It's me, Mickey Mouse.
Say, you wanna come inside my clubhouse?
Well, all right! Let's go!
[loon howls]
[laughs] I almost forgot.
To make the clubhouse appear,
we get to say the magic words.
Meeska, Mooska, Mickey Mouse!
Say it with me.
[cheerful music playing]
♪ M-I-C-K-E-Y ♪
♪ M-O-U-S-E ♪
That's me!
♪ M-I-C-K-E-Y ♪
♪ M-O-U-S-E ♪
♪ It's the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse ♪
♪ Come inside
It's fun inside ♪
♪ It's the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse ♪
[announcer] Roll call.
-Donald!
-Present.
-[announcer] Daisy!
-Here.
-[announcer] Goofy!
-[announcer] Pluto!
-[barks]
-[announcer] Minnie!
-[giggles] Here.
-[announcer] Mickey!
-Right here.
♪ It's the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse ♪
♪ Come inside
It's fun inside ♪
♪ M-I-C-K-E-Y ♪
♪ M-O-U-S-E ♪
[Mickey] It's the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse.
[laughs]
[Mickey reading]
Welcome to the clubhouse everybody!
-Pluto and I were just gonna...
-[doorbell chimes]
[barking]
I think we ought to go scuba divin'.
But there's so much to see on a safari!
A rodeo roundup would be fun.
Yee-haw!
And you wanted to go flying,
didn't you, Donald?
Oh, boy! You bet!
What's all the excitement about?
Well, each of us has a different idea
of what sort of adventure
would be fun today.
Flying!
Safari!
Scuba divin'!
A roundup!
[chuckles]
But we've got one little problem.
We can't agree on what to do first!
What do you think
we should do today, Mickey?
Gee, Min, I...
[yodeling]
Is everybody home?
Hello there, all you kids!
Hope you're ready
for some exciting news I got!
[all exclaiming]
I was just over at Mickey Lake
using the Von Drake
Sensational Super-Sonar Beeper,
and I detected something
all the way down
on the bottom of the water.
A great big something!
[gulps] Gosh.
How can ya tell the size
of something underwater, Professor?
The Super-Sonar Beeper
makes sound waves that are bouncing off
of objects deep in the underwater.
Then, when those sound waves
are bouncing back to us,
we can see how big
the objects are looking
on this special screen.
For example, that small blue triangle
might be a rock.
And those wavy green things
could be seaweed.
Uh, professor,
what about all them red dots?
Is that the big something
you were talkin' about?
Well now, that maybe could be
a school of fishies.
But it is not the big something
on the bottom of Mickey Lake.
That's the big something!
[beeping]
Oh, wow!
What could it be, Professor?
[stammers] Maybe it's a sea monster!
I don't think there's any
sea monsters in the lake, Goofy.
But why don't we all take
the clubhouse submarine
and go lookin' for that big something?
[all exclaiming]
Will you go with us
in the clubhouse submarine
and find out what's at the bottom
of Mickey Lake?
Hot dog! [laughs]
Let's go get some Mouseketool!
♪ Mouseke hey
Mouseke hi, Mouseke ho ♪
♪ Mouseke ready
Mouseke set, here we go! ♪
♪ You're a thinking and a solving
Work-it-througher ♪
♪ Mouseke me
Mouseke you, Mousekedoer ♪
[bell ringing]
Oh, Toodles! It's time to get to it!
[laughs]
Show us the Mouseketools to help us do it!
Meeska, Mooska, Mouseke-Doer!
Mouseketools, Mouseketools, Mouseketools!
♪ Here are your Mouseketools ♪
We've got a giant fork.
Bowling pins. Ho! Fun!
[Goofy] A traffic signal for tellin' us
when to stop and when to go!
[Mickey] And the Mystery Mouseketool.
That's a surprise tool
that can help us later.
♪ Toodles has the tools
The Mouseketools ♪
♪ So when we need 'em
Toodles will bring 'em ♪
He's here for meedles and youdles!
[laughs]
And all we have to say is, "Oh, Toodles"!
All we have to say is, "Oh, Toodles"!
[ringing]
Now, let's get down to Mickey Lake
and start our underwater adventure!
The Super-Sonar Beeper is shipshape
and ready to go, Captain Mickey.
Now remember, this is gonna beep you
when you getting close
to the big something
on the bottom of the lake.
[beeper] Ping-ping! Warning!
Ping-ping! Warning!
Got it! Thanks for everything, professor.
Well, I'm gonna be waitin' for you here
when you getting back.
Bon voyage!
Hmm...
Mickey the Mouse is gonna be
nosin' around underwater
for the big something, eh?
Well, I gotta stop him from findin' it,
'cause I want it all for myself!
Pluto, let's turn this camper
into a submarine!
[barks]
Here we go!
[all cheering]
♪ Dive, dive, dive ♪
♪ Deep beneath the blue ♪
♪ Dive, dive, diving ♪
♪ Adventure through and through ♪
♪ Dive, dive, dive ♪
♪ Down to where the fish play ♪
♪ Dive, dive, diving's ♪
♪ A happy, fun-filled day ♪
♪ A whole new world ♪
♪ Awaits for you and me there ♪
♪ A world amazing ♪
♪ Underneath the sea where we ♪
♪ Dive, dive, dive ♪
♪ Into the deep blue wonder ♪
♪ Dive, dive, diving ♪
♪ It's fun to be under the ♪
♪ High seas, low seas ♪
♪ Where-do-we-go-seas ♪
♪ Below seas ♪
It's fantastic! Just like flying!
Flying underwater! Yeah!
Say, Donald, you wanna steer?
You bet!
Hang on, everybody, 'cause I'm gonna...
♪ Loop-de-loop ♪
♪ Underwater ♪
[Donald] ♪ Taking the sub for a spin ♪
♪ Oh, what a spin we're in ♪
-[laughs]
-[all] Whoa!
[Donald] ♪ Loop-de-loop ♪
[all] ♪ Underwater ♪
♪ We did an underwater loop-de-loop ♪
Yeah!
[beeper] Ping-ping! Warning!
[Minnie] Oh! What is it, Mickey?
[Mickey] The professor's Super-Sonar
is showing a blue triangle.
[Goofy] Is it a... [gulps]
...sea monster?
[Mickey] No, Goofy. It's just a rock.
[beeper] Ping-ping! Warning!
[stammers] What is it now?
[Mickey] The Super-Sonar
shows something else in the water,
dead ahead!
It's something big.
[Pluto barking]
Something with eight arms!
And it's blocking our way!
It's a sea monster!
That's no sea monster.
It's an octopus!
Uh, wait a minute. It's no octopus!
[groaning]
[Daisy] It's Pete!
[Minnie laughs]
In a silly octopus costume!
-Hi, Octo-Pete!
-Ah, what?
Oh. Well, how'd you guess? [laughs]
Say, Octo-Pete,
we're lookin' for the big something
at the bottom of Mickey Lake.
So, uh, could you please let us pass?
Uh, well, I guess so,
Mickey the Sea Captain Mouse.
But first you, uh...
Oh! You gotta pay the toll.
Yeah! [laughs]
Payin' a toll means it's gonna cost ya!
What's the toll, Octo-Pete?
The toll? Oh. Well, let's see now.
Uh. How's about
you give me things I can juggle?
I mean, I got me eight arms here,
so I'll need eight things. Yeah!
Eight things?
Let me see, I might have
somethin' here, uh, hmm...
Shucks, I got nothin' today!
I think we need
a little Mouseketool help.
Everybody say,
[sing-song] "Oh, Toodles!"
[sing-song] Oh, Toodles!
[rings]
First Mate Toodles reporting for duty!
[ringing]
[Mickey] Hmm. We've got a giant fork,
the bowling pins, a traffic signal,
and the Mystery Mouseketool.
What Mouseketool is something
that Octo-Pete can juggle?
[Daisy] [gasps] The bowling pins!
[Goofy] We'll need eight of them!
[Mickey] We got ears. Say, "Cheers."
Let's all count out eight bowling pins,
so we can pay Octo-Pete!
Ready?
[all] One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight!
[Mickey] There you go, Octo-Pete.
Eight bowling pins for you to juggle.
Yeah!
[stammering] No problem.
Well, there's two. One... Oh!
Ooh!
So long, Octo-Pete!
Nice doin' business with you!
Uh, sure. Well, hey!
Aw, squiddly-winks!
[sighs] Well, that didn't work!
[sighs] I gotta stop Mickey and his pals
from findin' the big something
at the bottom of Mickey Lake.
Octo-Pete away!
[Daisy] Oh, isn't this goody-good?
I really wanted to go on a safari today,
but who knew it was going
to be a seaweed safari?
♪ Come on
Take a seaweed safari ♪
♪ It's gonna be spectacular-i ♪
♪ The fish are yellow, pink and blue ♪
♪ There's even
A polky-dotted fishy or two ♪
♪ On a seaweed safari
There's so much to see ♪
♪ Yeah! Smile for the camera ♪
♪ One, two, three ♪
-Cheese!
-♪ Come on and take ♪
♪ A seaweed safari with me ♪
[evil laughing]
This is gonna stop Mickey and his pals
from finding the big something.
Ooh, I'm such a naughty
nautical Octo-Pete! [chuckles]
Wake up and skedaddle, fishies!
Hey, whoa. Whoa!
Whoa! [grunts]
Oh, sea sludge!
Aw...
I just wanted to keep Mickey and his pals
from finding that big something.
My sneaky scheme is a sinkin'!
[beeper] Ping-ping! Warning!
Ping-ping! Warning!
[Minnie] Oh, my!
What's the Super-Sonar
showing this time, Mickey?
[beeper] Ping-ping! Warning!
Ping-ping! Warning!
Something's approaching! Fast!
[gasps] It's a school of gooey fish!
Oh, and they're swimming
right into our path!
Oh, dear! We have to stay out
of each other's way!
What are we gonna do?
[Minnie] We need to stop the fish,
so we can get by safely!
We need a Mouseketool!
Everybody say,
[sing-song] "Oh, Toodles!"
[sing-song] Oh, Toodles!
It's Toodles!
[ringing]
[Mickey]
Let's see. We've got a giant fork,
a traffic signal,
and the Mystery Mouseketool.
What Mouseketool can help us
get the gooey fish to stop?
[Daisy] How about the traffic signal?
Its red and green lights
can tell the fish when to stop and go!
[Mickey] We got ears. Say, "Cheers."
[Minnie] Now we need to make
the traffic signal light up.
What color means "stop"? Red or green?
Red! To make the traffic signal turn red,
everybody call out, "Red light!"
Ready?
[all] Red light!
[screeching]
[Mickey] Hooray! The fish stopped!
Now let's turn the traffic light green,
so the fish can go on their way.
Everybody call out, "Green light!" Ready?
[all] Green light!
[Goofy] Holy mackerel, it worked!
And we gotta go, too!
The big something awaits us!
[cowbells jangle]
Wow! It's just like
the rodeo roundup I wanted!
[sings with country twang]
♪ I love the underwater range ♪
♪ Where the cowcod
And the seahorsies play ♪
[neighing]
♪ It's peaceful and homely ♪
♪ Just like the clubhouse only ♪
♪ It's wetter most every day ♪
[giggles]
[beeper] Ping-ping! Warning!
Ping-ping! Warning!
Uh-oh! Captain Mickey, what is it?
The Super-Sonar Beeper
has spotted green wavy shapes.
The green wavy shapes
must be seaweed, but, oh, dear!
There's something caught in it!
[suspense music]
It's... It's... It's...
It's not a sea monster, Goofy.
[giggles] It's Octo-Pete, again.
Ahoy, fellow denizens of the deep!
I got eight arms, but I could really use
a helpin' hand here.
[nervous laugh] You know, as in, "Help!"
Please?
Gosh! Poor Octo-Pete.
We can't leave him caught like that!
But what can we use
to get him out of the seaweed?
[barking]
A Mouseketool! Right, Seadog Pluto!
Everybody say,
[sing-song] "Oh, Toodles!"
[sing-song] Oh, Toodles!
It's Toodles to the rescue-dles!
[Mickey] We have the giant fork
and the mystery Mouseketool.
What could we use to get Octo-Pete
out of the seaweed?
[Goofy] How about the giant fork?
Maybe we can use it
to roll up the seaweed like spaghetti!
[Mickey] We got ears. Say, "Cheers."
Pasta fazool!
I asked for a helpin' hand and I got one!
Oh, gee, I...
[pants] I don't know what to say!
Aw, don't mention it!
Well, we'll be on our way now.
[stammers] Wait just a second.
You know, you helped me,
so now I want to help you.
[all] Huh?
I know what's at the bottom of the lake,
but I didn't want you to find it.
[gasps] You didn't? Oh!
That's not very nice, Octo-Pete.
I know. And I'm sorry, little lady.
I was being kind of, uh...
Selfish?
Yeah, that's the word.
But I don't want to be selfish anymore.
How's about we all go check out
the big something together?
Let's do it!
Here we are, Sea Captain Mickey,
the bottom of Mickey Lake.
And there's what you've been lookin' for!
It's the sea monster!
[chuckles]
Aw, Goof, it's not a sea monster.
It's a giant yellow rubber ducky!
Not a rubber duck... Huh?
A rubber ducky?
Whew. That's a relief! [laughs]
[Minnie] Look! The rubber ducky
is stuck between those two rocks!
[Daisy] So that's the big something
the professor said was down here!
[Mickey] Why didn't you
want us to find it, Octo-Pete?
Well, it's 'cause I...
I just love rubber duckies!
There I said it!
And since I don't have any of my own,
I wanted this one all for myself.
[whimpers]
But it's stuck
and I can't get it to budge.
Well, once we get the rubber ducky free,
you can have it!
You mean it?
Aw, you guys are real chums!
But how are we gonna free the ducky
from those humongous rocks?
A Mouseketool might do the trick!
Everybody say,
[sing-song] "Oh, Toodles!"
[sing-song] Oh, Toodles!
[seahorse whinnies]
[rings]
[Mickey] All we have left
is the Mystery Mouseketool.
Everybody say, "Mystery Mouseketool!"
[all] Mystery Mouseketool!
[Mickey]
What's today's Mystery Mouseketool?
[Pete] Whoa! That's the second
biggest spatula I've ever seen!
[Mickey] We picked all our Mouseketools!
Say, "Super cheers!"
Hate to burst your bubble, guys,
but how are you gonna use a spatula
to free a giant rubber ducky?
Aw, shucks, that's easy!
We put the spatula
under the ducky and flip it.
-Just like flippin' an eggy for breakfast!
-[giggles]
I can help flip the rubber ducky!
Be careful, Goof!
[all] [cheering] Go, Goofy, go!
Go, Goofy, go!
[both grunting]
Hold on, Pete.
Let's work together.
On three.
One, two, three!
-[Mickey] Hot dog!
-[Daisy] Yeah, you did it!
Yahoo!
One rubber ducky goin' up!
[ducky squeaks]
[Mickey]
That's what your Super-Sonar Beeper
found at the bottom
of Mickey Lake, Professor!
[Von Drake] How about that!
A giant rubber ducky!
Woo-hoo!
This is making Mickey Lake
look like some kind of
an enormungous bathtub!
[rumbling]
[Willie] Rubber ducky!
There you are!
Willie? That's your rubber ducky we found?
Duh-huh. I was taking a bath
in my house in the clouds this morning
when I dropped it.
Gosh! It must have landed
right in the middle of Mickey Lake!
Thanks for finding my rubber ducky,
wittle-itty-bitty friends.
Now I can finish my bubbly bath!
Bubye!
[Willie humming]
Oh, bath time's gonna be
as lonely as ever.
Oh, there, there, Pete.
I know someone who can help!
[sing-song] Oh, Toodles!
Here ya, here ya, here ya go, Pete!
Catch of the day!
Rubber duckies!
Thanks.
And thanks to you, too!
We sure had a great adventure
on our voyage
to the bottom of Mickey Lake.
Now let's celebrate!
Stand up and do the Hot Dog Dance!
♪ Hot dog ♪
[barking]
♪ Hot dog, hot dog
Hot diggedy-dog ♪
♪ Now, we got ears
It's time for cheers ♪
♪ Hot dog, hot dog
The problem's solved ♪
Hot diggedy-dog ♪
Thanks for helping us
rescue the big something
from the bottom of
Mickey Lake, everybody.
Now, keep on doing the Hot Dog Dance!
A-hyuck!
What a hot dog day!
♪ Hot dog, hot dog
Hot diggedy-dog ♪
♪ It's a brand-new day
Whatcha waiting for ♪
♪ Get up, stretch out
Stomp on the floor ♪
♪ Hot dog, hot dog
Hot diggedy-dog ♪
♪ We're splitting the scene
We're full of beans ♪
♪ So long, for now from Mickey Mouse ♪
That's me!
♪ And the Mickey Mouse ♪
♪ Clubhouse ♪
Aw. Thanks for stopping by.
♪ Come on
Take a seaweed safari ♪
♪ It's gonna be spectacular-i ♪
♪ The fish are yellow, pink and blue ♪
♪ There's even
A polky-dotted fishy or two ♪
♪ On a seaweed safari
There's so much to see ♪
-Yeah!
-♪ Smile for the camera ♪
♪ One, two, three ♪
-Cheese!
-♪ Come on and take ♪
♪ A seaweed safari with me ♪